Title: Message from The Chairperson
STitle: Chair Message
Date: 2019-11-03
Category: Message
Slug: message-chair
Summary: The success of S.N Recruiting Service (P).Ltd is built upon the basis of maintaining close good relationships combined with personal interaction and a commitment to provide a quality service to our clients and candidates. This philosophy produces the optimum understanding of our client’s business and efficient and cost effective solution to the process.

Dear friends and Associates,
Namaste and warm greeting from Nepal

In the past few years, Nepalese people have been widely accepted, welcomed and extended in various occupations and capacities in the foreign employment sector. Nepalese are well known for their loyalty, honesty, bravery, simplicity, hard work around the world.
To cater the need of the ever-growing demand of the Nepalese workers worldwide thus S.N Recruiting Service (P) Ltd is established. In the ocean of numerous overseas recruiting agencies, we are proud to stand ourselves with most effective and professional service provider. We are capable of supplying technically & professionally skilled, semiskilled & nonskilled manpower based as per the demand of our clients, we have reservoir of complete solution to the need of human resource.
The success of S.N Recruiting Service (P).Ltd is built upon the basis of maintaining close good relationships combined with personal interaction and a commitment to provide a quality service to our clients and candidates. This philosophy produces the optimum understanding of our client’s business and efficient and cost effective solution to the process.
We will present candidate information in confident without distortion or commission of any relevant data and only after an in-depth discussion and with permission of the candidate concerned. We will assist and advice throughout the interviewing process, maintaining contact with both parties and ensure that packages and acceptable to both parties.
Our approach is professional and we operate under clear internal guidelines, ensuring the highest standards of professional practices. We accept only those assignment that we believe we are qualified to undertake successfully. We undertake to evaluate and appraise candidates on the basis of their background, achievement, qualifications and suitability for the position for which they are being considered.
Every possible step will be taken to insure that individuals are treated equally and fairly and that decisions on recruitments, selection, training, promotions, and career management are based soley on objectives and job related criteria.
At last I would like to thank all our friends and associates who believed on us and helped us stand tall in the area of the Nepalese manpower industry.
Thank you
With Best Regards
G.B Shrestha (Suman)
S.N RECRUITING SERVICE (P). LTD
Chairman
Email:gokarna@snrecruiting.com.np
